feat: Add document in QuantitySelector (#81)
vtex-sites/nextjs.store: src/components/ui/QuantitySelector/QuantitySelector.stories.mdx

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import QuantitySelector from '.'
import { TokenTable, TokenRow } from './../../../../.storybook/components'

<Meta
  title="Organisms/QuantitySelector"
  component={QuantitySelector}
  argTypes={{
    max: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 10
    },
    min: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 1
    },
    initial: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 5
    },
    disabled: {
      type: {
        name: 'boolean'
      },
      defaultValue: false
    }
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <QuantitySelector {...args} />

<header>

# QuantitySelector

It's a component that displays a "QuantitySelector" component.

</header>

### Import

> `import QuantitySelector from '../components/sections/QuantitySelector'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`import QuantitySelector from 'src/components/ui/QuantitySelector'`
```

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import QuantitySelector from '.'

> import { TokenTable, TokenRow, TokenDivider } from './../../../../.storybook/components'

Reviewer 2: in this case, maybe it's better to use the absolute path 🙈

Author: We can use `'src/../.storybook/components'` a bit strange, but still better

Reviewer 2: hahahah true 😆

<Meta
  title="Molecules/QuantitySelector"
  component={QuantitySelector}
  argTypes={{
    max: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 10,
      description: "The maximum value the quantity selector can receive"
    },
    min: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 1,
      description: "The minimum value the quantity selector can receive"
    },
    initial: {
      type: {
        name: 'number',
      },
      defaultValue: 5,
      description: "The initial value for quantity selector"
    },
    disabled: {
      type: {
        name: 'boolean'
      },
      defaultValue: false,
      description: "Specifies that the whole quantity selector component should be disabled."
    },
    onChange: {
      description: "Event emitted when value is changed"
    }
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <QuantitySelector {...args} />

<header>

# QuantitySelector

> It's a component that shows a quantity selector, commonly used to add a product to the shopping cart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `QuantitySelector` component allows customers to select the quantity of a given product to purchase.
```

Maybe we can just copy from the [FSUI docs](https://www.faststore.dev/reference/ui/molecules/QuantitySelector). HAHAHAHA
